Add webhook plugin page and payload documentation (#1422)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/webhook-plugin.md

---
title: 'Webhook Plugin'
---

### Webhook Plugin

> When the webhook plugin is enabled and configured with one or more urls, it can be used in the [action section]({%- link _documentation/workflow/notifications/alerts.md -%}#actions) of the alert rules. When an event triggers a rule that has the Webhook Plugin as one of the actions, the following attributes and payload will be sent to the url(s) specified in the plugin configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the webhook plugin is enabled and configured with one or more URLs, you can use it in the [action section]({%- link _documentation/workflow/notifications/alerts.md -%}#actions) of the alert rules. When an event triggers a rule that has the Webhook Plugin as one of the actions, the following attributes and payload will be sent to the URL(s) specified in the plugin configuration.
```
